Skip to content <#js-repo-pjax-container>


    Navigation Menu


  Global navigation

  *

    Home <https://github.com/dashboard>
  *

    Issues <https://github.com/issues>
  *

    Pull requests <https://github.com/pulls>
  *

    Projects <https://github.com/projects>
  *

    Discussions <https://github.com/discussions>
  *

    Codespaces <https://github.com/codespaces>
  *

    Copilot <https://github.com/copilot>
  *
  *

    Explore <https://github.com/explore>
  *

    Marketplace <https://github.com/marketplace>

Loading

© 2025 GitHub, Inc.

About <https://github.com/about> Blog <https://github.blog/> Terms
<https://docs.github.com/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-
service> Privacy <https://docs.github.com/site-policy/privacy-policies/
github-privacy-statement> Security <https://github.com/security> Status
<https://www.githubstatus.com/>


      Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page.

<https://github.com/>
jainriyo  /
*PowerBI-MavenMarket

*


  Navigate back to

  * jainriyo <https://github.com/jainriyo>
  * PowerBI-MavenMarket

    <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket>

jainriyo <https://github.com/jainriyo>
/

PowerBI-MavenMarket

<https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket> /

Type / to search


  Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests...

Search

Clear

0 suggestions.

Search syntax tips <https://docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-
search/understanding-github-code-search-syntax>
Give feedback


  Provide feedback

We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.

Include my email address so I can be contacted

Cancel

Submit feedback


  Saved searches


    Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly

Name
Query

To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation <https://
docs.github.com/search-github/github-code-search/understanding-github-
code-search-syntax>.

Cancel

Create saved search

<https://github.com/copilot>Chat with Copilot

Open Copilot…

Create new...

<https://github.com/issues>Your issues

<https://github.com/pulls>Your pull requests

<https://github.com/notifications> You have no unread notifications


      Uh oh!

There was an error while loading. Please reload this page.

  *

    Code <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket>
  *

    Issues 0 <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/issues>
  *

    Pull requests 0 <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/pulls>
  *

    Actions <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/actions>
  *

    Projects 0 <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/projects>
  *

    Security <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/
    security><https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>
    <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>
    <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>


          Uh oh!

    <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>

    There was an error while loading. <https://github.com/jainriyo/
    PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>Please reload this page.

  *

    Insights <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/network/
    dependencies>
  *

    Settings <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/settings>

Additional navigation options

  *

    Code <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket>
  *

    Issues <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/issues>
  *

    Pull requests <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/pulls>
  *

    Actions <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/actions>
  *

    Projects <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/projects>
  *

    Security <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/security>
  *

    Insights <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/network/
    dependencies>
  *

    Settings <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/settings>

You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your
session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your
session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to
refresh your session.

Dismiss alert
{{ message }}

Open in github.dev <https://github.dev/> Open in a new github.dev tab
<https://github.dev/> Open in codespace <https://github.com/codespaces/
new/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/tree/main?resume=1>


    Files

 main

<https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/new/main>Add file

t

  *

    MYPowerBI_Project.pbix
  *

    README.md


    Breadcrumbs

 1. PowerBI-MavenMarket <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-
    MavenMarket/tree/main>

/


README.md

Copy path
Blame

Blame


    Latest commit

jainriyo <https://github.com/jainriyo>jainriyo <https://github.com/
jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/commits?author=jainriyo>
Update README.md <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/
commit/64dd3db76adff40f6cd0f77c20ad1a32e6fc8cf9>
May 31, 2025
64dd3db <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/
commit/64dd3db76adff40f6cd0f77c20ad1a32e6fc8cf9> · 
May 31, 2025


    History

History <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/commits/main/
README.md>

<https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/commits/main/README.md>
35 lines (19 loc) · 2.51 KB

Code 55% faster with GitHub Copilot


    Breadcrumbs

 1. PowerBI-MavenMarket <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-
    MavenMarket/tree/main>

/


README.md

Top


    File metadata and controls

  *
    Preview
  *
    Code
  *
    Blame

35 lines (19 loc) · 2.51 KB

Code 55% faster with GitHub Copilot

Raw <https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/raw/refs/heads/
main/README.md>

<https://github.dev/><https://github.dev/>

<https://github.com/jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket/edit/main/README.md>

Maven Market Analysis Dashboard

Welcome to the Maven Market Analysis Dashboard, a powerful business
intelligence tool designed to provide in-depth insights into market
performance and trends. This dashboard, created with Power BI, is
tailored for market analysts, business owners, and data enthusiasts
looking to track key performance indicators (KPIs) and make data-driven
decisions.

Data Integration: Leveraged Power Query to integrate and refine data
from diverse sources for dashboard use.

Data Transformation and Preparation: Employed M Code within Power Query
for advanced data transformation and preparation.

Data Analysis: Utilized DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) for complex
calculations and data analysis within Power BI.

Data Visualization: Designed interactive data visualizations for
insightful reporting and decision-making.

 1.

    KPI Tracking: Monitor crucial metrics like total transactions,
    profits, and returns, with goals and current status visually
    compared for immediate analysis.

    | Total Transactions: Track the number of sales transactions, providing insights into sales volume.
     Total Profit: Monitor profit generated, essential for evaluating financial health.
     Profit Margin: Understand the profitability of products to focus on the most beneficial offerings.
     Return Rate: Analyze the rate of returned products, a critical factor for product quality and customer satisfaction. 
    |

 2.

    Product Performance: Analyze product lines with detailed metrics
    such as total sales, total profit, profit margin, and return rate.

 3.

    Geographic Sales Data: Get a clear visual of market penetration with
    an interactive map detailing sales distribution across North America.

    | Sales Distribution Map: Visualize sales distribution across North America, with the ability to drill down by country, providing a clear picture of regional market performance.
    |

 4.

    Time Series Analysis: Understand weekly revenue trends to identify
    seasonal patterns or the impact of specific campaigns.

 5.

    Revenue Targets: Evaluate performance against targets with visual
    indicators to instantly recognize over or underachievement.

Usage

Designed for business analysts, sales managers, and data enthusiasts,
this dashboard provides a user-friendly interface with customizable
options to cater to specific analysis needs.

The Maven Market Analysis Dashboard is a versatile tool designed for
flexibility and depth. Users can slice and dice the data to uncover
underlying trends, validate business strategies, and predict future
performance.


    Footer

<https://github.com/> © 2025 GitHub, Inc.


      Footer navigation

  * Terms <https://docs.github.com/site-policy/github-terms/github-
    terms-of-service>
  * Privacy <https://docs.github.com/site-policy/privacy-policies/
    github-privacy-statement>
  * Security <https://github.com/security>
  * Status <https://www.githubstatus.com/>
  * Docs <https://docs.github.com/>
  * Contact <https://support.github.com/?tags=dotcom-footer>
  *
    Manage cookies

  *
    Do not share my personal information

You can’t perform that action at this time.
PowerBI-MavenMarket/README.md at main · jainriyo/PowerBI-MavenMarket
 
